All of us here today do not want to see our election victory stolen by emboldened radical left Democrats, which is what they're doing and stolen by the fake news media.
That's what they've done and what they're doing.
We will never give up.
We will never concede, it doesn't happen.
You don't concede when there's theft involved.
Donald Trump: (04:42) Our country has had enough.
We will not take it anymore and that's what this is all about.
To use a favorite term that all of you people really came up with, we will stop the steal.
Today I will lay out just some of the evidence proving that we won this election, and we won it by a landslide.
This was not a close election.
I say sometimes jokingly, but there's no joke about it, I've been in two elections.
I won them both and the second one, I won much bigger than the first.
Almost 75 million people voted for our campaign, the most of any incumbent president by far in the history of our country, 12 million more people than four years ago.
I was told by the real pollsters, we do have real pollsters.
They know that we were going to do well, and we were going to win.
What I was told, if I went from 63 million, which we had four years ago to 66 million, there was no chance of losing.
Well, we didn't go to 66.
We went to 75 million and they say we lost.
We didn't lose.
Donald Trump: (06:08) By the way, does anybody believe that Joe had 80 million votes? Does anybody believe that? He had 80 million computer votes.
It's a disgrace.
There's never been anything like that.
You could take third world countries.
Just take a look, take third world countries.
Their elections are more honest than what we've been going through in this country.
It's a disgrace.
It's a disgrace.
Even when you look at last night, they're all running around like chickens with their heads cut off with boxes.
Nobody knows what the hell is going on.
There's never been anything like this.
We will not let them silence your voices.
We're not going to let it happen.
Not going to let it happen.
Crowd: (07:11) Fight for Trump! Fight for Trump! Fight for Trump! Donald Trump: (07:11) Thank you.
I'd love to have, if those tens of thousands of people would be allowed, the military, the secret service, and we want to thank you, and the police law enforcement.
